FIX: revision of the EDF to BIDS conversion (#459)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-management/edf-to-bids.md

> To be BIDS compatible, the eye-tracking information needs to be extracted from the EDF file into a dataframe that will be saved as a `eyetrack_physio.tsv.gz` and its annotating JSON sidecar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For conversion into BIDS, the eye-tracking information is extracted from EDF files into data frames.
The data frames are processed and then saved as `<matches>_physio.tsv.gz` files with corresponding JSON sidecar.
```

    recording, events, messages = edf.pread(str(DATA_PATH / "example-run.edf"), trial_marker=b"")
    ```

    As a result, three *Pandas*' dataframes will be obtained:

>     * `recording` contains the actual ET data, which corresponds to the gaze coordinates in the screen space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `recording` contains the actual ET data, which corresponds to a number of measurements such as gaze coordinates in the screen space,
```

**Extracting the `StartTime` and `StopTime` metadata**.
We then search for messages signaling the start and stop run events.

> These events are stored in the JSON sidecar file annotating our `_eyetrack_physio.tsv.gz` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These events are stored in the JSON sidecar file annotating our `<matches>_physio.tsv.gz` file.
```

In our *Psychopy* experiment files, we configure messages be sent to the ET at these events.
The message changes a little with the RSfMRI experiment, but are usually like `hello <taskname>` and `bye <taskname>`.

> Those message of interest are stored in the variables `message_first_trigger` and `message_last_trigger`, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those signaling messages are stored in the variables `message_first_trigger` and `message_last_trigger`, respectively.
```

        warn("Calibration data found but unsuccessfully parsed for results")
```

> ### Parsing the `recording` dataframe

Reviewer: Why the reordering? One problem with reordering is that the diff is not anymore informative (everything is green and we can't see specific changes)

Author: The only changes apart from the reordering is the addition of the global variable definition in the code snippet (l. 501-527)
